Now, Mr. Wong Ching-wai will be presenting a speech.
On July 10, he once presented a speech on the fundamental concept of Sino-Japanese relations and the progress of the goal.
After the speech, it had a huge impact on China.
After the speech, the general public realized that Mr. Wong was not only a leader of the Re-Information Peace Movement,
but also a leader who stood up and led the Peace Movement.
He put the responsibility of saving the country on his shoulders.
Now, Mr. Wong has come to Guangzhou to speak to his parents and brothers in his hometown.
We know that what Mr. Wong said this time is not only theoretical, but also a way to bring it up.
This method can save Guangzhou and China.
Please be quiet.
Dear friends, now I am in Guangzhou to tell you that I have not seen you in person.
But my body is already with you.
My heart and soul are already with you.
So I can't express my feelings.
I can't express my excitement.
I remember that on July 9, I once gave a speech.
The topic was the fundamental concept and the progress of the goal of Sino-Japanese relations.
I didn't tell you the location of Guangzhou at that time.